en: add document for optimistic mode sharding merge (#262)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/feature-online-ddl-scheme.md

## ********* Basic configuration *********
name: test                      # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.
task-mode: all                  # The task mode. Can be set to `full`/`incremental`/`all`.

> shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # This needs to be configured if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic mode" is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic mode".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # This needs to be configured if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic" mode is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic" mode.
```

> shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # This needs to be configured if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic" mode is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic" mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # You need to configure this if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic" mode is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.
```
